We starting here in Intermediate React.
This is basically what I just told you.
So let's go ahead and
go clone our repo here.
Specifically, again,
we want the 12 portals and refs one, so
just get used to copying and
pasting this over and over again.
So I'm gonna go, I'm gonna clone this.
So I'm just gonna clone to my desktop.
That's fine, okay,
I'm just gonna say git clone, blah.
But don't do that twice,
what are you doing?
How dare you?
Okay, so now I got my project app here.
And I'm just gonna keep
this outside of it so.
Whatever, that's fine.
I'm gonna say copy -R, you can do this
totally just by saying, open, blah, right?
I'm just doing this directly here.
I'm just gonna be copying and
pasting this, right?
So now, I have a complete copy of
the repo here and 12-portals-and refs.
You can even just rename it to something
like intermediate, or something like that.
And then I'm just gonna copying in, right,
working on it and then blowing it away and
recopying it every single time.
Okay, and so
I'm just gonnna code intermediate.
And now, I have this open.
So, let's go ahead and
get a little acquainted with
what's going on in this project.
First thing I'm gonna do is I'm gonna run
npm install to get all of my dependencies
installed.
And let's look at what
dependencies we installed here.
So, you can see here,
this is a eslint project, so
we have all of our eslint checking,
so that'll help.
It's a pretty minimal config,
it's mostly just like did you
declare variable and not use it?
Are you using a variable
that you didn't declare?
Things like that.
And then there's some React specific
rules like the Hooks rules and
accessibility and things like that.
It's using parcel 2 for the build process,
which is a really nice build tool.
If you haven't used it,
if you're not familiar with it,
just go check out that
section on Intros to React.
It's using prettier as a code formatter.
So if you see my code shifting
around every time that I save,
it's prettier reformatting it.
It does have class properties
coming in from babel, so
that we can do es 2022 class properties.
Were using React version 17.0.2.
Again, React 18 is about to come out but
it has not come out yet.
And then you can see here
we're using react-router-dom.
And let's see the app code here is pretty
straightforward, React Router app.
There's two routes.
There's details and there's the homepage.
You can see that it's using some context.
There's error boundaries,
there's a search page.
Let's actually just,
I guess, get this running.
If you come down here into your app,
you just say npm run dev,
and that should start the dev server.
On local host 1234, you can see it's
a nice little pet adoption app here.
So you can search for dogs,
and if I click Submit,
you'll see here that
these are now just dogs.
If I change that to be cats,
Submit, it'll be just cats.
And you can see that contextually it will
show you breeds from the various different
animals.
And it's doing this by
requesting against an API
that Frontend Masters hosts,
called the dev API's pet API.
Okay, so that's just kind of
a whirlwind tour of the app.
If you click on one of these,
it'll take you to their details page.
So you can see this is my tiny
cute little Drip dog, Luna.
There's a carousel here that you can
click on the various different pictures.
And then you can click Adopt,
and that'll pop up a modal.
And if you click this, it will go back.
That's the entire app.
It's relatively simple.
It's meant so that you can just see
all the various different pets.
So again, to reiterate
the various different sections,
do not build on each other, right?
They're all kind of self-contained silos.
So if you do code splitting,
you're gonna have to reset your repo and
go back for server side rendering, right?
We're not gonna do code splitting and
server side rendering at the same time.
Okay.
So the first thing I wanna do,
I've now shown you this entire app.
I've got you to clone it, and
we're gonna ignore it for a little bit.